ADS-3144: Documentation for automatic discounts for dynamic bundles (#52)
supercid/wiki-docs: features/dynamic-bundle-discounts.md

# Dynamic Bundle discounts

- [Dynamic Bundle discounts](#dynamic-bundle-discounts)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Dynamic Bundle template changes](#dynamic-bundle-template-changes)
    - [Shopify line item script changes](#shopify-line-item-script-changes)
    - [Known Issues](#known-issues)

## Introduction

> This documentation will explain the process of settings up `Nosto - Dynamic Bundles` for automatic discount, when a bundle is added to the cart on a Shopify store. As per the existing setup, this has to be done manually from `setting up line item script` to `script for including discount details to shopify cart API`. As a first step into completely automating this process end-to-end, Nosto has released some enhancements to internal processing of dynamic bundles that will help automate this process with minimal manual intervention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation will explain the process of setting up Dynamic Bundles for automatic discount, when a bundle is added to the cart on a Shopify store.
```

Fixed typo of 'settings up' -> 'setting up'

The rest of the text is a bit confusing to read, so I think it's better to keep the introduction short and simple.

## Setup

### Dynamic Bundle template changes

> A new Nosto JavaScript API `addBundleToCartWithDiscount` has been introduced that will collect the bundle information, from the bundle template, **validates and prepares the data** and then invokes the Shopify API. In order to use this new API, invoke the API from the dynamic bundle template with the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Nosto JavaScript API `addBundleToCartWithDiscount` has been introduced that collects the bundle information from the bundle template, validates and prepares the data and then invokes the [Shopify add to cart API](https://shopify.dev/api/ajax/reference/cart). In order to use this new API, invoke the API from the dynamic bundle template with the following
```

It's best to keep to the present tense.

1. Products selected in the bundle while adding to cart
2. Discount configuration
3. All the product IDs from the bundle (both selected and unselected)

An example where all the products from a bundle are added to cart.

```javascript
_targetWindow.Nosto.addBundleToCartWithDiscount({
    items: [{
        productId: '123456789',
        quantity: 1
    }, {
        productId: '987654321',
        quantity: 1
    }],
    discount: {
        type: 'percent',
        value: 10
    },
    bundleProducts: [ '123456789', '987654321' ]
}, this)
```

> > In this case, the configured discount value will be applied to all the products in the bundle. Assume for e.g., product `123456789` costs `126$` and product `987654321` costs `100$`, with a discount of 10%, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this case, the configured discount value is applied to all the products in the bundle. Assume for example, product `123456789` costs `126$` and product `987654321` costs `100$`, with a discount of 10%, 
```

> > the final price the customer pays will be, (126 * 0.1) + (100 * 0.1) => 113.4 + 90 => 203.4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> the final price the customer pays is, (126 * 0.1) + (100 * 0.1) => 113.4 + 90 => 203.4
```

An example where NOT all the products from a bundle are added to cart.

```javascript
_targetWindow.Nosto.addBundleToCartWithDiscount({
    items: [{
        productId: '123456789',
        quantity: 1
    }],
    discount: {
        type: 'percent',
        value: 10
    },
    bundleProducts: [ '123456789', '987654321' ]
}, this)
```

> > In this case, no discount will be offered and the customer will pay the actual price of the selected product

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> In this case, no discount is applied and the customer pays the actual price of the selected products
```

> ### Shopify line item script changes

Reviewer: Better to link to [Shopify documentation](https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/checkout-settings/script-editor) on how to upload the script to the store. That way, if the steps change, we don't need to update our documentation. You can simply say to upload the script shown below to the script editor.

Author: Done

# Dynamic Bundle discounts

- [Dynamic Bundle discounts](#dynamic-bundle-discounts)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Setup](#setup)
    - [Nosto Dynamic Bundle template](#nosto-dynamic-bundle-template)
    - [Shopify Line Item script](#shopify-line-item-script)
    - [Known Issues](#known-issues)

## Introduction

> This documentation explains the process of setting up `Nosto - Dynamic Bundles` for automatic discount, when a bundle is added to the cart on a Shopify store. As per the existing setup, the end-to-end process has to be done manually. This release improves this by reducing manual intervention, to an extent, in setting up the store for bundle discounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This documentation explains the process of setting up Dynamic Bundles for automatic discount, when a bundle is added to the cart on a Shopify store.
```

The \` parenthesis is usually used for code snippets. It's better to not use them in other cases e.g. `Nosto - Dynamic Bundles` is less confusing as: Nosto - Dynamic Bundles

This text is a bit confusing to read. I'd leave it out to make the introduction more concise:
> As per the existing setup, the end-to-end process has to be done manually. This release improves this by reducing manual intervention, to an extent, in setting up the store for bundle discounts.

Author: I have remove Backtick usages and using bold and italics to highlight areas

## Setup

### Nosto Dynamic Bundle template

> A new Nosto JavaScript API `addBundleToCartWithDiscount` has been introduced. Functionalities of this API are as follows, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new Nosto JavaScript API `addBundleToCartWithDiscount` has been introduced. Functionalities of this API are as follows:
```

Author: Done

> - collect the bundle information, from the bundle template, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Collect the bundle information, from the bundle template, 
```

What bundle information does it collect? It's product ids and discount percentage, isn't it?

Author: This information has been already shared under section "Nosto Dynamic Bundle template". It would be repetitive to include it in multiple places

> - **validate and prepare the data for Shopify API call** (This step adds discount details along with bundle information to line item properties)

Reviewer: Why is the beginning of this sentence in bold? Using random different formatting makes it more difficult and confusing to read.

Author: The final version is not going to be like this. Only the MD version has the extra characters. It conveys an important point and hence it's highlighted

> - invoke Shopify API with the data

Reviewer: I think this and the previous point can be consolidated into:
- Adds the products to the cart using [Shopify's cart API](https://shopify.dev/api/ajax/reference/cart).

Author: Why do they need to know the Shopify Cart API details here. It's just a informative document on what the JavaScript API does internally. I think providing the link would be too diverting

Author: I have removed these lines anyway
